Dockerfiles for learning locker (#1)
openfun/learninglocker-docker: README.md

# Learning locker docker images

> This repo contains the Dockerfile to build images for [learning locker](https://github.com/LearningLocker/learninglocker), a LRS to store and analyze xAPI statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the `Dockerfile` to build images for [learning locker](https://github.com/LearningLocker/learninglocker), a LRS to store and analyze xAPI statements.
```

We follow the learning locker's tag, so an image will have the same tag you can found in learning locker repository.

## Building a learning locker image

To build a learning locker image, you have to pick the right tag to use, set it in the `VERSION` environment variable and then use the `build` task in our Makefile:

```bash
$ VERSION="v2.6.2" make build
```

## Use learning locker image

> You have to configure your learning locker image using environment variable. You can found all the variable available in the [documentation](http://docs.learninglocker.net/guides-configuring/#learning-locker-application).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to configure your learning locker image using environment variables. You will found all available variables in the [project documentation](http://docs.learninglocker.net/guides-configuring/#learning-locker-application).
```

You also have to use the [xapi-service](https://github.com/LearningLocker/xapi-service) provided by learning locker. They also provide a docker image you can use.

> There is no entrypoint nor command configured in this image. You will have to declare them when you run your container. Here are the command to use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no entrypoint nor command configured in this image. You will have to declare them when you run your container. Here are the commands to use:
```

Running the UI application:

```

> node ui/dist/server

Reviewer: I usually like to add a shell prompt so that we understand that those are shell commands. WDYT?

```suggestion
$ node ui/dist/server
```

Author: Yes but you don't execute it in a shell. You will add it in a `command` instruction, this is why I didn't put `$` at the beginning

Reviewer: True that. In this case, what about the following:

```Dockerfile
# Dockerfile
FROM fundocker/learninglocker:v2.6.2

RUN node ui/dist/server
```

or

```bash
$ docker-run --rm fundocker/learninglocker:v2.6.2 node ui/dist/server
```

```

Running the API application:

```

> node api/dist/server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ node api/dist/server
```

```

Running the worker application:

```

> node worker/dist/server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ node worker/dist/server
```

```

You can also use the CLI by executing the following command from your container:

```

> node cli/dist/server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ node cli/dist/server
```

# Learning locker docker images

This repo contains the Dockerfile to build images for [learning locker](https://github.com/LearningLocker/learninglocker), a LRS to store and analyze xAPI statements.

> We follow the learning locker's tag, so an image will have the same tag you can found in learning loacker repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We follow the learning locker's tag, so an image will have the same tag you can found in learning locker repository.
```

## Building images

### Build a learning locker image

To build a learning locker image, you have to pick the right tag to use, set it in the `VERSION` environment variable and then use the `build` task in our Makefile:

```bash
$ VERSION="v2.6.2" make build
```

### Build an nginx image

> The nginx image is here as a proxy to communicate with learning locker. It will be useful in your development stack, in a docker-compose configuration for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nginx` image is used as a reverse-proxy to learning locker. It will be useful in your development stack (_e.g._ a docker-compose configuration).
```

> You have to set the in the `VERSION` environment variable the tag version you want to use and then use the `build-nginx` task in our Makefile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to set the `VERSION` environment variable for the tag version you want to use and then use the `build-nginx` task in our Makefile:
```

> You have to set the in the `VERSION` environment variable the tag version you want to use and then use the `build-nginx` task in our Makefile

Reviewer: Is this an nginx release or learning locker release?

```bash
$ VERSION="v1.0" make build-nginx
```

## Usage

### Use learning locker image

You have to configure your learning locker image using environment variable. You can found all the variable available in the [documentation](http://docs.learninglocker.net/guides-configuring/#learning-locker-application).

You also have to use the [xapi-service](https://github.com/LearningLocker/xapi-service) provided by learning locker. They also provide a docker image you can use.

There is no entrypoint nor command configured in this image. You will have to declare them when you run your container. Here are the command to use:

Running the UI application:

```
node ui/dist/server
```

Running the API application:

```
node api/dist/server
```

Running the worker application:

```
node worker/dist/server
```

> You can also execute a CLI application, to do that you can execute this command inside your container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the CLI by executing the following command from your container:
```
